---
description: fair ruler
---

# empower the majority

NFT is fundamentally changing the economics of the Internet. However, like the Internet and Web2.0 technologies, blockchain, Web3.0 and NFT are still far from achieving global popularity. Much has been written about the “digital divide” or the differential access to and ability to use information and communications technologies and the resulting socioeconomic and political inequalities. From network access to control of user data/assets to the vast wealth held by centralized corporations, the divide is wide in every way imaginable. This is certainly the case in the blockchain ecosystem as well. Approximately 2% of network entities control 71.5% of all Bitcoins. Ethereum whales (holding >10,000 ETH) control approximately 70% of the total existing ETH supply. Even if these statistics are exaggerated, they point to a significant concentration of wealth and power. This comes as no surprise to most of us, and thankfully there are thousands of people in the cryptocurrency ecosystem working hard to correct this imbalance and level the playing field. The question is: can we do it fast enough? As NFT use cases expand and are increasingly used around the world, will it remain a tool primarily for the rich with privileged access to the technology, along the same old lines of inaccessibility and exclusion? Model developed? Will the majority of the value of tokens and cryptocurrencies still be concentrated in a concentrated group of individuals? Will we share its possibilities with local communities around the world so that they can benefit from this new creative economy in their own contexts? Will we allow the public to use NFT for creation and application, and open up new ways for creativity to occur? As the Italian Marxist philosopher Gramsci once aptly stated: “Cultural hegemony is a society’s dominant ideology—beliefs, interpretations, perceptions, values, and morals—reflecting the ideas of the ruling class. The dominant ideology will The social, political and economic status quo is justified as natural, inevitable, permanent and beneficial to everyone, rather than as an artificial social construct that benefits only the ruling class.” NFTs are a cross-section of art and culture that exist in crypto spaces, existing today as the most prominent battleground where struggles including those of the “global South” and underrepresented remain threatened by the penetration of old world institutions and elements. I betrayed NFT, non-fungible tokens, and adopted semi-fungible tokens. BOXS is a brand new adventure, escaping from the right path and heading towards an unknown reverse direction, and officially trying hard. Next, introduce BOXS
