---
description: Way
---

# theory

This section is actively being written. Part of the NFT series, (Greed, Jealousy, Pride, Ego, etc.) Unfortunately, this fatal feeling breathes within us; the artist is above everyone else. Throughout modern history, the barriers to entry for artists and collectors into the traditional art market have been extremely high. A mentality of exclusivity, high-profile and artificial scarcity illusoryly dominates the existing art world. At the same time, truly talented artists with no connections lack exposure, while the 0.1% rise to fame because of their privileged circumstances. Likewise, collectors can only participate in a specific auction if their net worth exceeds concentrated demand, which has the net effect of excluding quality art and minimizing the buying population that supports artists and stimulates creativity around the world. For art, what is needed is an open, decentralized platform with no restrictions or barriers to entry. This is also the essence of art - buyers and artists from all over the world can trade freely without dependence. Auction houses act as middlemen. The emergence of NFT brings an opportunity to return power to artists - allowing them to gain control over their works and democratizing access to the global art market without the need for middlemen. Now, the NFT works of digital artists and musicians exceed the digital art market share, and the transaction prices are also dizzying. At the same time, they have also turned cryptocurrency skeptics into people curious about cryptocurrency, thus adding to the NFT bull market. More motivation. The defining thing about all successful cryptocurrencies, tokens, and Web 3.0 applications is that they provide solutions to real-world problems, whether it’s disintermediation, profit incentives, or increasing traffic. NFTs are a great solution for artists and creators who have been frustrated by the high commissions and marketing costs of traditional institutions, auction houses, and the high barriers set by traditional gatekeepers. It's just a good solution. When the inscription is turned on, an updated combination appears. A typical NFT market charges only a fraction of traditional auction house commissions. In exchange, the cost and burden of marketing shifts to the artist/creator. Take OpenSea, for example, which involves no marketing and zero review process, so the barrier to entry is low, with commissions as low as 2.5%. Partion's platform allows artists to retain up to 100% of auction proceeds. The emergence of new things in BOXS means overturning the era when NFT was just a collection. This may be the wrong choice, but we are trying.
